Revised Graduate Record Examinations®  General Test
Practice Test Number 1 

Instructions for the Verbal Reasoning and Quantitative Reasoning Sections
Information for screen reader users:
This document has been created to be accessible to individuals who use screen readers. You may wish to consult the manual or help system for your screen reader to learn how best to take advantage of the features implemented in this document. Please consult the separate document, GRE Screen Reader Instructions.doc, for important details.

This practice test includes content that some users may wish to skip. For example, some questions require you to complete sentences or longer texts from among several choices. For those questions where it might be helpful to hear the available choices in context, text of the choices in context is included. However, some users may wish to skip this material. Similarly, some questions include detailed figure descriptions that some users may wish to skip because they can get the required information from the accompanying tactile or large print figures. In each case, material that may be skipped is delineated by statements like “Begin skippable content” and “End skippable content” each in the Heading 6 style.


Important Notes
In the actual test, your scores for the multiple-choice sections will be determined by the number of questions you answer correctly. Nothing is subtracted from a score if you answer a question incorrectly. Therefore, to maximize your scores it is better for you to guess at an answer than not to respond at all. Work as rapidly as you can without losing accuracy. Do not spend too much time on questions that are too difficult for you. Go on to the other questions and come back to the difficult ones later.

Some or all of the passages in this test have been adapted from published material to provide the examinee with significant problems for analysis and evaluation. To make the passages suitable for testing purposes, the style, content, or point of view of the original may have been altered. The ideas contained in the passages do not necessarily represent the opinions of the Graduate Record Examinations Board or Educational Testing Service.

You may use a calculator in the Quantitative Reasoning sections only. You will be provided with a basic calculator and cannot use any other calculator, except as an approved accommodation
Marking Your Answers
In the actual test, all answers must be entered in the test book (or in the supervisor’s copy of the test book if you are not using a print format test). If answers are being recorded in a large print test book, the directions for marking answers are slightly different because answers entered in large print test books are not machine-scored. 
If your answers are being entered in a large print test book, make sure your marks are clear and unambiguous. Additional instructions for marking answers in large print test books are provided with the large print practice tests.

The following instructions describe how answers must be filled in if using a regular print test book, whether you are entering your own answers or a scribe is entering them at your direction. 

Be sure that each mark is dark and completely fills the circle.  

Any stray marks that lie in or near a circle must be erased carefully. If you change an answer, be sure that all previous marks are erased completely. Stray marks and incomplete erasures may be read as intended answers. You may work out your answers in the blank areas of the test book, but do not work out answers near the circles. Scratch paper will not be provided, except as an approved accommodation.
Question Formats
This practice test may include questions that would not be used in an actual test administered in an alternate format because they have been determined to be less suitable for presentation in such formats.

The questions in these sections have several different formats. A brief description of these formats and instructions for entering your answer choices are given below.
Multiple-Choice Questions—Select One Answer Choice
These standard multiple-choice questions require you to select just one answer choice from a list of options. You will receive credit only if you mark the single correct answer choice and no other.

Example:
What city is the capital of France?
A.	Rome
B.	Paris		
C.	London
D. 	Cairo
 
In this example, B, Paris, should be marked.
Multiple-Choice Questions—Select One or More Answer Choices
Some of these questions specify how many answer choices you must select; others require you to select all that apply. In either case, to receive credit all of the correct answer choices must be marked. In printed versions of the test, these questions are distinguished by the use of a square box to select an answer choice.

Example:
Select all that apply.

Which of the following countries are in Africa?
A.	China		
B. 	Congo		
C. 	France
D.	Kenya
		
In this example, B and D (Congo and Kenya) should be marked.
Column Format Questions
This question type presents the answer choices in groups (presented as columns in the printed version of the test). You must pick one answer choice from each group. You will receive credit only if you mark the correct answer choice in each group. In the following example, there is a sentence with two blanks, each indicating that something has been omitted. For each question of this type, first you will hear the text with the word “BLANK” in place of the omitted material. Next, you will hear the text again, but in place of each blank, you will hear three lettered options for filling that blank. The set of 
